= Introduction =
Here's a helpful guide to the more advanced settings.

=== PDF Processing Zoom ===

It increases the quality of the PDF image, but uses more memory to do so. Anything above 1.3 causes images to become distorted (unconfirmed)

=== Color settings ===

This is used for setting different colors for the Background ProgressBar and the Empty ProgressBar. It's based on 4 colors which are in the corners and those 4 colors are mixed into each other (blended).

=== Sound blocks ===

This is the amount of blocks that should be used for sound playback. Increasing this will make sound playback "more smoother" without clipping.

=== Sound block size ===

This is the size of one sound block.

=== Temporary Path ===
NOTE: I wouldnt mess with the path. Because you can end up not being able to load your apps. If this happens you can fix it without a computer.
First, Delete WiiXplorer with HBC. Then, Hard reset your console on and off. after that you should be able to load your apps. Then, Download SD explorer from Homebrew Browser. Run SD Explorer and Delete the Wiixplorer config file. Then, all you have to do is download WiiXplorer from Homebrew Browser and auto update WiiXplorer.

It's the path used for archive file's execution. The files from the archive are extracted to that path and executed afterwards.

=== Delete Temporary Path ===
If enabled, Whatever is located in the Temporary Path is completely removed on exiting WiiXplorer.

=== Hide system files/folders ===

This filters files and folders starting with $ and (period). This also filters the thumb.db from windows.

=== Copy Thread Priority ===

The priority of the transfer thread when the process is not minimized.

IDLE =

LOW =

HIGH =

HIGHEST =

=== Copy Thread Background Priority ===

The priority of the transfer thread when the process is minimized.

IDLE = Allows you to do other things while copying things from SMB

(e.g. Listen to music or view images)

LOW =

HIGH =

HIGHEST =

Any further questions feel free to comment on this wiki. :)